>> Sarah Drasner: Okay,
slots are super exciting.
I think slots are a really, really cool
way to replace content per a thing and
you don't have to pass things down.
You don't have to use props
to change things with slots,
so they're really really flexible.
So if we have something like our child
area here, and we have this slot.
And then we have this "p" tag.
It's a very veritable slot machine,
haha, with the terrible dad joke.
We can have this slot
inside of that component.
And then inside the component itself,
we actually have a tag.
This is slot number one.
And then we have this is slot number two.
I can put in more info too.
So if we look at these things,
these are actually what's gonna
be inserted into our slots.
So we can use slots to populate content.
We have, this is slot number 1,
I am a veritable slot machine, hahaha,
and this is slot number 2
I can put more info into.
So if we look back at this,
we can see we didn't have to pass
things down from child to parent.
We're actually just using
the markup itself to pass things
into the slot as we need.
We can put as much information as we
want inside of one of these slots.
So, we can also have defaults.
I love defaults.
We can have something like,
I am some default text placed
right inside of our slot.
So that will just stay there and
be the content of that slot until we
decide that we want to replace it.
So you can also have more than one.
So, let's say you needed a bunch
of different slots for things.
Then you can start naming them.
And I would actually suggest that if
you're ever going to use more than one,
you should start naming them.
What would end up happening, if you had
multiple slots and one of them had a name,
and one of them didn't,
is that anything that was left over
would go into the slot with no name.
But it's good to be a little bit
more precise about those things.
If you're gonna use more than one slot,
I would say definitely name them.
So here we would do something
like h1 slot is headerinfo.
I will populate the headerinfo slot.
So if we have this slot named header, and
this other slot, then basically anything
else will go into that extra space.
So we have that h1 slot header.
And I will go in the unnamed slot,
and that will output to this.
So we have main, this is the main title,
and p, I will go into the unnamed slot.
So if we want to look at a slots example,
we could look at this wine label maker.
We have,
we can make whatever kind of wine we want.
So we can say Frontend Masters wine here.
And I need an S at the end of that.
And I'm going to change the font and
I'm going to give it a flourish.
And maybe give it like wood grain or
cards and
then change the image opacity and
change the label placement, etc.
But I can go in between this
black label and this white label,
because what's happening here
is everything inside of here,
this is one big SVG,
everything inside of here is a slot.
So we're replacing all of the content
that's inside of there in the slot.
And we can change out all of the styles
based on that different change.
So, if we go look at the code, we have
this component that's called black,
appBlack and it's got a template of black.
And then we've got this div class
of black with a slot inside of it.
And that slot can populate whatever
content we need or want in that place.
When we start working with build tools,
we won't have to do even wrap
that div with a class around
it in order to style it, and
I'll show you why when we work
with those scoped styles.
But, basically we have this
component is selected,
remember we talked about that special is,
and we can say, selected is appBlack,
selected is appWhite based on what people
are clicking, and we're changing out
the label color as well so, let's go
back to the demo itself and open it up.
>> Sarah Drasner: And in here,
we've got our components, appblack and
the template is black,
over here we've got this container.
We've got component is selected, and
all of this stuff that's inside of it and
these templates or
these components are really simple.
It's just got appblack, appwhite, and
I can change out the styles
based on what's inside.
So I'm using these components and
switching them out based
on what I've selected.
So you can see how you can dynamically
change all of the content or
change all of the styling
really really easily here.
And that's based off of, you know,
clicking between those two values,
like you saw here.
So if we go back,
here we got the component is selected and
in the button we're saying selected,
is appBlack, or selected is appWhite.
So I'm changing those two components out,
but I'm not changing anything that's
inside of it, cuz that's all
gonna be inserted with the slot.